Refactor modules (#2217)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/API/MaterialManagement.rst

Example:

Material management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This section cover all materials classes and methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes all material-related classes and methods.
```

    copper = my_materials["copper"]
    # This property is from the MatProperty class
    copper.conductivity
    ...

Stackup management
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This section cover all layer classes and methods used in HFSS 3D Layout (and indirectly in Circuit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes all layer-related classes and methods used in HFSS 3D Layout (and indirectly in Circuit).
```
